part of playing sports get hit you bleed
a little bit so why you asking I'm not
speaking about people that are not here
today I got no idea
I don't know I broke my nose three times
as part of playing sports you'll be all
right
we lost obviously not good enough you
know we're not about losing man we're
not about playing hard and coming up
close and moral victories it's not what
we've built our program about we lost so
it wasn't good enough you guys trying to
get under my skin today haven't you I've
been pretty respectful the media my
whole career I don't want to hear
anything else about leadership without
anybody other than the guys on the
basketball floor I do not want you to
refer to any questions again about
anybody that was not dressed in uniform
here today they tried they tried and
until this team doesn't find that
character and that leadership we're
gonna continue to flounder around
have you got any secrets help me out
brother I've been doing it 26 years and
I've been trying to figure out what to
do and you know you continue to line up
shoe free throws off the backboard it's
gonna be hard if you got any secrets I'm
telling you I'll take any opinions any
help I can get on that one we lost it's
it's we just we're in mature
we're in mature you know and you cannot
win basket but you see some somewhere
along the lines our guys think that you
can win basketball games without passing
the basketball and six assists 23
turnovers in all 23 are just nonchalant
non-aggressive turnovers and and it's
frustrating to watch it's you know yeah
we battled and we fought and we clawed
and that was nice and yeah we clapped
and we hugged them and told them but now
we got them on their heels and we got a
play they got a baseline drive we cut it
to one dead charge Rodney gets out of
the way three-point play that's that's
that's not a winning play you got to
have you got to make winning plays
that's not a winning play crowd our fans
are off the charts countless they're off
the charts
I couldn't be prouder to be associated
with Kansas State University because our
fans are just ridiculous how good they
are and I that's what I'm pissed about
that those people come here to see us
play and we don't get it done that's not
acceptable we better find an identity
we'd better find an identity we better
find some discipline because you know
six assists 23 turnovers that that gets
you beat against whoever's on the other
side
you remember my first year when all you
guys thought I was a moron and had no
idea what I was doing
I lost my ad halfway through the year
that was a little bit harder yeah
yes lon and I've talked about it it's a
large part of what we're trying to
achieve as a program to regain some of
the history and reconnect with that
incredible pass a large part of that
tradition was built by long Kruger as a
player and as a basketball coach at
k-state and and his whole staff
basically our k-staters and and like I
told you guys before the game when you
play against a Lon Kruger team you
become a better team for it I don't know
how the heck we become better after
today but you become a better team for